fix: Clarify PUT operation (#1408)
api-platform/docs: core/operations.md

Method   | Mandatory | Description
---------|-----------|-------------------------------------------
`GET`    | yes       | Retrieve an element

> `PUT`    | no        | Replace an element.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PUT`    | no        | Replace an element
```

`PATCH`  | no        | Apply a partial modification to an element
`DELETE` | no        | Delete an element

Note: the `PATCH` method must be enabled explicitly in the configuration, refer to the [Content Negotiation](content-negotiation.md) section for more information.

Note: with JSON Merge Patch, the [null values will be skipped](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/serializer.html#skipping-null-values) in the response.

> Note: Current `PUT` implementation behaves more or less like a PATCH. The standard `PUT` behavior will be implemented API-Platfor 3.0. See [#4344] (https://github.com/api-platform/core/issues/4344) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Current `PUT` implementation currently behaves more or less like the `PATCH` method. Existing properties not included in the payload are **not** removed, their current values are preserved. To remove an existing property, its value must be explicitly set to `null`. Implementing [the standard `PUT` behavior](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc7231.html#PUT) is on the roadmap, follow [issue #4344] (https://github.com/api-platform/core/issues/4344) to track the progress.
```
